improve encryption content (#65)
10gen/docs-shared: dbx/encrypt-fields.rst

Overview
--------

> You can use the {+driver-short+} to encrypt document fields by using a

Reviewer: Suggestion:

I think it can be helpful to identify that the user chooses the fields rather than them all being encrypted.

```suggestion
You can use the {+driver-short+} to encrypt specific document fields by using a
```

set of features called **in-use encryption**. In-use encryption allows
your application to encrypt data *before* sending it to MongoDB
and query documents with encrypted fields.

Because the driver encrypts the data before sending it to MongoDB, only

> your configured applications can decrypt the data. Only applications

Reviewer: Suggestion:

I think this paragraph doesn't build up the knowledge the reader might need to follow what these features accomplish without making some assumptions. I think continuing the description of in-use encryption could be helpful and then providing some details on how it works with MongoDB and your application.

Here's the information that I think needs to be presented in this paragraph:

1) In-use encryption prevents anyone from viewing the decrypted, plaintext data directly from the database or when the data is in-transit (on the network).

2) To set up your application to use in-use encryption, you must create encryption keys that only your application has access to

3) Your application must use the in-use encryption features and the encryption keys to decrypt the encrypted data

4) If an attacker gets access directly to your database, they cannot see any decrypted data

Let me know if you need any help with conveying these.

that have access to your encryption keys can access the decrypted,
plaintext data. In the event of a security breach, a potential attacker
sees only encrypted, ciphertext data.

By implementing in-use encryption, you can avoid exposing the
following sensitive types of data:

- Credit card numbers
- Addresses
- Health information
- Financial information
- Any other sensitive or personally identifiable information (PII)

MongoDB offers the following features to encrypt fields:

- :ref:`Queryable Encryption <subsection-qe>`
- :ref:`Client-side Field Level Encryption <subsection-csfle>`

.. _subsection-qe:

Queryable Encryption
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Queryable Encryption (QE) is the next-generation in-use encryption feature,

Author: checking in on this, can change when I get an answer

data as it is sent to MongoDB or when it is in an encrypted database. To
enable in-use encryption in an application and authroize it to decrypt
data, you must create encryption keys that only your application has
access to. Only these applications that have access to your encryption
keys can access the decrypted, plaintext data. This means that in the
event of a security breach, a potential attacker sees only encrypted,
ciphertext data as they do not have access to the encryption keys.

You might use in-use encryption to encrypt fields in your MongoDB
documents that contain the following types of sensitive data:

- Credit card numbers
- Addresses
- Health information
- Financial information
- Any other sensitive or personally identifiable information (PII)

MongoDB offers the following features to enable in-use encryption:

- :ref:`Queryable Encryption <subsection-qe>`
- :ref:`Client-side Field Level Encryption <subsection-csfle>`

.. _subsection-qe:

Queryable Encryption
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Queryable Encryption is the next-generation in-use encryption feature,
first introduced as a preview feature in MongoDB Server version 6.0 and

> as a generally available (GA) feature in MongoDB 7.0. Queryable

Reviewer: Suggestion:

I think (GA) isn't needed since the abbreviation isn't used again.

Author: It is used in the admonition below this paragraph!

Encryption supports searching encrypted fields for equality and encrypts
each value uniquely.

.. important:: Preview Feature Incompatible with MongoDB 7.0
   
   The implementation of Queryable Encryption in MongoDB 6.0 is incompatible with the GA version introduced in MongoDB 7.0. The Queryable Encryption preview feature is no longer supported.

To learn more about Queryable Encryption, see the :manual:`Queryable
Encryption </core/queryable-encryption/>` documentation in the Server manual.

.. _subsection-csfle:

Client-side Field Level Encryption
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Client-side Field Level Encryption (CSFLE) was introduced in MongoDB
Server version 4.2 and supports searching encrypted fields for equality.
CSFLE differs from Queryable Encryption in that you can select either a

> deterministic or random encryption algorithm to encrypt fields. You only

Reviewer: I think "You can only" would convey the limitation better than "you only", which is more of a description of a behavior.

query encrypted fields that use a deterministic encryption algorithm when
using CSFLE. When you use a random encryption algorithm to encrypt
fields in CSFLE, they can be decrypted but are not queryable. When you use
Queryable Encryption, you cannot specify the encryption algorithm, but
you can query on all encrypted fields.

When you deterministically encrypt a value, the same input value

> produces the same output value. While deterministic encryption provides
> better support for read operations, encrypted data with low cardinality is

Reviewer: Issue:

I think "better support for read operations" for deterministically encrypted fields could mislead a reader into questioning whether it's possible to query a randomly encrypted field (even though it is not).

Suggestion:

```suggestion
produces the same output value. While deterministic encryption allows you
to perform queries on the fields, encrypted data with low cardinality is
```
